Review azs how create s2s vpn azurestack to azure (#1180)
UKCloud/documentation: articles/azure/azs-how-create-S2S-VPN-azurestack-to-azure.md

> description: Create a site-to-site (S2S) VPN gateway connection from an on-premises network to UKCloud for Microsoft Azure 

Reviewer: This doesn't sound right. We're making the connection between ASH and Azure so why is it talking about an on-premises network?

5. In the **Create virtual network** blade, enter the following information:

   - **Subscription** - This is your UKCloud for Microsoft Azure subscription.

   - **Resource Group** - Select an existing resource group, or create a new one by typing a name for your new resource group.

   - **Name** - The name of the virtual network.

   - **Region** - This will be `frn00006`, which is the location of the Azure Stack Hub.

        ![Create new virtual network](images/azs-browser-create-virtual-network.png)

   - **Address Space** - The virtual network's address range in CIDR notation. This must not overlap the address space of the public Azure virtual network.

   - **Subnet Name** - The name of the first subnet within the virtual network.
   
   - **Subnet Address Range** - The subnet's address range in CIDR notation (for example, 192.168.1.0). It must be contained by the address space of the virtual network. The address range of a subnet which is in use can't be edited.

>      ![Create new virtual network2](images/azs-browser-create-virtual-network2.png)

Reviewer 2: Image isn't showing. Maybe the case of png?

Reviewer: Resolved by fixing file extension.

2. In the **Settings** section of the virtual network blade, select **Subnets**.

    ![Subnets button in virtual networks blade](images/azs-public-browser-virtual-network-subnets-button.png)

3. On the **Subnets** page, click the **Gateway Subnet** button.

    ![Gateway subnet button in virtual networks blade](images/azs-public-browser-virtual-network-gateway-subnet-button.png)

4. Fill in the **Address range** and add a route table if required, then click **OK**. The subnet should now have appeared.

>     ![Create gateway subnet](images/azs-browser-create-gateway-subnet.png)

Reviewer 2: Image isn't showing. Maybe the case of png?

Reviewer: Resolved by fixing file extension.

   - **Name** - The name of the virtual network gateway.

>    - **SKU** - Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in three SKUs: Basic, Standard, and High performance. From version 1910 onwards, a custom IPSec policy is required for Azure Stack to connect to public Azure, therefore requiring a Standard or High SKU. If you are creating the network to coexist with an ExpressRoute gateway, you must select Standard or High also. You must select High performance SKU to enable active-active mode. You can find more information about SKUs here: [Azure Stack Hub SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-skus-legacy).

Reviewer: We're not setting any custom IPSec policies on the Azure Stack Hub side, so we don't need this comment here.
```suggestion
   - **SKU** - Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in three SKUs: Basic, Standard, and High performance. If you are creating the network to coexist with an ExpressRoute gateway, you must select either Standard or High performance. If you want to enable active-active mode, you must only select High performance. You can find more information about SKUs here: [Azure Stack Hub SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-skus-legacy).
```

Reviewer: Need to explain that the Stack uses legacy SKUs, which differs to public Azure

5. In the **Create virtual network** blade, enter the following information:

   - **Subscription** - This is your Microsoft Azure subscription.

   - **Resource Group** - Select an existing resource group, or create a new one by typing a name for your new resource group.

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

5. In the **Create virtual network** blade, enter the following information:

   - **Subscription** - This is your Microsoft Azure subscription.

   - **Resource Group** - Select an existing resource group, or create a new one by typing a name for your new resource group.

   - **Name** - The name of the virtual network.

   - **Region** - Select the location of the Azure resource.

>        ![Create new virtual network](images/azs-public-browser-new-virtual-network-blade.png)

Reviewer 2: Image isn't showing. Maybe the case of png?

   - **Address Space** - The virtual network's address range in CIDR notation. This must not overlap the address space of the Azure Stack Hub virtual network.

   - **Subnet Name** - The name of the first subnet within the virtual network.
   

>    - **Subnet Address Range** - The subnet's address range in CIDR notation (for example, 192.168.1.0). It must be within the address range of the virtual network. It should be noted that the address range of a subnet currently in use cannot be edited.

Reviewer 2: You give an example of CIDR here, but not for Address Space, which comes first in the list

>    - **Subnet Address Range** - The subnet's address range in CIDR notation (for example, 192.168.1.0). It must be within the address range of the virtual network. It should be noted that the address range of a subnet currently in use cannot be edited.

Reviewer 2: To make the last sentence active rather than passive, go for something like:
You cannot edit the address range of a subnet that is currently in use.
(I think you use a similar phrase earlier in the article, so just make sure that you use the same phrase in both places)

>         ![Create new virtual network](images/azs-public-browser-new-virtual-network-blade2.png)

Reviewer 2: Image isn't showing. Maybe the case of png?

Reviewer: Resolved by fixing file extension.

   - **BastionHost** - Select this option to enable BastionHost, which is a new fully platform-managed PaaS service that you provision inside your virtual network. It provides secure and seamless RDP/SSH connectivity to your virtual machines directly in the Azure portal over SSL. When you connect via Azure Bastion, your virtual machines do not need a public IP address.

   - **DDoS protection** - Select this option to enable DDoS protection, which is a paid service that offers enhanced DDoS mitigation capabilities via adaptive tuning, attack notification, and telemetry to protect against the impacts of a DDoS attack for all protected resources within this virtual network. Basic DDoS protection is integrated into the Azure platform by default and at no additional cost.

   - **Firewall** - Select this option to enable Azure Firewall, which is a managed cloud-based network security service that protects your Azure Virtual Network resources.

>      ![Create new virtual network](images/azs-public-browser-new-virtual-network-blade3.png)

Reviewer 2: Image isn't showing. Maybe the case of png?

Reviewer: Resolved by fixing file extension.

   - **VPN type** - The type of VPN you can choose depends on the make and model of your VPN device, and the kind of VPN connection you intend to create. Choose a route-based gateway if you intend to use point-to-site, inter-virtual network, or multiple site-to-site connections; if you are creating a VPN type gateway to coexist with an ExpressRoute gateway; or if you need to use IKEv2. Policy-based gateways support only IKEv1.

>    - **SKU** -Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in three SKUs: Basic, Standard, and High performance. From version 1910 onwards, a custom IPSec policy is required for Azure Stack to connect to public Azure, therefore requiring a Standard or High SKU. If you are creating the network to coexist with an ExpressRoute gateway, you must select Standard or High also. You must select High performance SKU to enable active-active mode. You can find more information about SKUs here: [Azure Stack Hub SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-skus-legacy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **SKU** - Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in three SKUs: Basic, Standard, and High performance. From version 1910 onwards, a custom IPSec policy is required for Azure Stack Hub to connect to public Azure, therefore requiring a Standard or High performance SKU. If you want to enable active-active mode, you must select High performance SKU.
ExpressRoute gateway types are offered in three SKUs: Standard, High performance, and Ultra performance.
```

Azure Stack Hub only offers the legacy SKUs (Basic, Standard and High performance).

Public Azure offers the Basic legacy SKU, but also offers new VpnGw SKUs. You cannot directly migrate from a legacy SKU to a new SKU.

We need to explain this somehow whilst also referecning the custom IPSec policy.

>    - **Virtual Network** - This is the virtual network that you created earlier in Public Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Virtual Network** - This is the virtual network that you created earlier in public Azure.
```
This is just one example, but we need to be writing "public Azure" rather than "Public Azure". The product is "Azure". we're just adding 'public' to make it clear that it's not Azure Stack Hub.

   - **VPN type** - The type of VPN you can choose depends on the make and model of your VPN device, and the kind of VPN connection you intend to create. Choose a route-based gateway if you intend to use point-to-site, inter-virtual network, or multiple site-to-site connections; if you are creating a VPN type gateway to coexist with an ExpressRoute gateway; or if you need to use IKEv2. Policy-based gateways support only IKEv1.

>    - **SKU** - Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in eleven SKUs: the legacy Basic SKU and ten new generation SKUs. You can find more information about public Azure SKUs here: [public Azure SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways#gwsku). From version 1910 onwards, a custom IPsec policy is required for Azure Stack Hub to connect to public Azure, therefore requiring a VpnGw1, VpnGw2 or VpnGw3 SKU as detailed here: [IPsec/IKE policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-ipsecikepolicy-rm-powershell).

Reviewer 2: Typically, for numbers 10 and over, we use the numerals rather than letters. So eleven -> 11 and ten -> 10

>    - **SKU** - Route-based VPN gateway types are offered in eleven SKUs: the legacy Basic SKU and ten new generation SKUs. You can find more information about public Azure SKUs here: [public Azure SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways#gwsku). From version 1910 onwards, a custom IPsec policy is required for Azure Stack Hub to connect to public Azure, therefore requiring a VpnGw1, VpnGw2 or VpnGw3 SKU as detailed here: [IPsec/IKE policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-ipsecikepolicy-rm-powershell).

Reviewer 2: Change passive to active:
From version 1910 onwards, you must use a customer IPsec policy for Azure Stack Hub to connect to public Azure...

   - **Name** - The name of the connection.

   - **Connection type** - Select **Site-to-site (IPsec)**.

   - **Virtual network gateway** - Select the virtual network gateway you created earlier.

   - **Local network gateway**- Select the local network gateway you created earlier.

   - **Shared Key** - A mixture of letters and numbers, used to establish encryption for the connection. You must use the same shared key in both the virtual network and local network gateways. If your gateway device doesn't provide one, you can make one up here and provide it to your device.

   - **Subscription** - This is your public Azure subscription.

   - **Resource Group** - When adding a connection for an existing peer, the resource group can't be changed.

   - **Location** - Select the location of the Azure resource.

     ![Add new connection](images/azs-public-browser-add-connection-blade.png)

> 6. Navigate to your connection by clicking **Connections**, in the **virtual network gateway**.

Reviewer 2: no comma needed here

7. In the **Configuration** blade, enter the following information to configure the custom IPsec policy to allow a site-to-site connection between Azure Stack Hub and public Azure:

   - **IPsec / IKE policy** - Change the policy status from **Disabled** to **Enabled**.

   - **IKE Phase 1**

>         - **Encryption** - Set the type to **AES256** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **AES256**

>         - **Integrity/PRF** - Set the type to **SHA384** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **SHA384**.

>         - **DH Group** - Set the type to **ECP384** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **ECP384**.

   - **IKE Phase 2**

>         - **IPsec Encryption** - Set the type to **GCMAES256** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **GCMAES256**.

>         - **IPsec Integrity** - Set the type to **GCMAES256** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **GCMAES256**.

>         - **PFS Group** - Set the type to **ECP384** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Select **ECP384**.

>    - **IPsec SA lifetime in KiloBytes** - Set the value to **102400000**.

Reviewer 2: Enter **102400000**.

>    - **IPSec SA lifetime in seconds** - Set the value to **27000**.

Reviewer 2: Enter **27000**.

     ![Add new connection](images/azs-public-vpn-connection-configuration.png)

8. Click **OK**.

## Update the local gateway address spaces and IPs in Azure Stack Hub and public Azure

To establish the connection you will need to identify the address spaces and public IPs that you created in Azure Stack Hub and public Azure, and then update both local gateways.

### Update the local gateway address spaces and IPs in public Azure

1. In the Azure Stack Hub portal, navigate to the *Virtual networks* blade by clicking **All services** in the favourites panel, then selecting **Virtual networks** under the *Networking* section. Select the virtual network you created and make a note of the address space.

>  2. Navigate to the *Connections* blade by clicking **All services** in the favourites panel, then selecting **Connections** under the *Networking* section. Select the VPN connection you created in [Create the VPN connection in Azure Stack Hub](#create-the-vpn-connection-in-azure-stack-hub. Make a note of the public IP which you can find in the *Virtual network gateway* section.

Reviewer 2: Missing closing paren for the link

Reviewer 2: Fixed this.

>  2. Navigate to the *Connections* blade by clicking **All services** in the favourites panel, then selecting **Connections** under the *Networking* section. Select the VPN connection you created in [Create the VPN connection in Azure Stack Hub](#create-the-vpn-connection-in-azure-stack-hub. Make a note of the public IP which you can find in the *Virtual network gateway* section.

Reviewer 2: Add a comma before which:
Make a note of the public IP, which you can find...

    ![Azure Public virtual network button](images/azs-public-browser-services-virtual-network-gateway-button.png)

6. Select the local network gateway that you created in [Create the local network gateway in public Azure](#create-the-local-network-gateway-in-public-azure).

7. In the local gateway blade, under *Settings*, select **Configuration**.

    ![Azure Public local network gateway](images/azs-public-browser-local-gateway-configuration-button.png)

8. Change the **IP address** and **Address space** fields to the public IP and address space taken from Azure Stack Hub.

    ![Azure Public local gateway public IP address](images/azs-browser-local-network-gateway-ip-address.png)

9. Click **Save**.

### Update the local gateway address space and IPs in Azure Stack Hub

1. In the public Azure portal, navigate to the *Virtual networks* blade by clicking **All services** in the favourites panel, then selecting **Virtual networks** under the *Networking* section. Select the virtual network you created and make a note of the address space.

> 2. Navigate to the *Connections* blade by clicking **All services** in the favourites panel, then selecting **Connections** under the *Networking* section. Select the VPN connection you created in [Create the VPN connection in public Azure](#create-the-vpn-connection-in-public-azure). Make a note of the public IP which you can find in the *Virtual network gateway* section.

Reviewer 2: Add a comma before which:
Make a note of the public IP, which you can find...

     ![Add new connection](images/azs-public-browser-add-connection-blade.png)

6. Navigate to your connection by clicking **Connections**, in the **virtual network gateway**.

> 7. In the **Configuration** blade, enter the following information for set up the custom IPSec policy to connect Azure Stack to Public Azure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Configuration** blade, enter the following information to configure the custom IPSec policy to allow a site-to-site connection between Azure Stack Hub and public Azure:
```

   - **IPSec / IKE policy** - Change the policy status from **Disabled** to **Enabled**.

>    - **IKE Phase 1** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **IKE Phase 1**
```
Remove white space

        - **Encryption** - Set the type to **AES256** from the dropdown menu.

        - **Integrity/PRF** - Set the type to **SHA384** from the dropdown menu.

        - **DH Group** - Set the type to **ECP384** from the dropdown menu.

>    - **IKE Phase 2** - Set the type to **AES256** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **IKE Phase 2**
```
